JPEG-LS Reference Encoder - V.1.00 *** FOR TESTING AND EVALUATION ONLY *** 

The following notice applies to each program in the software package:	
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
This software module was originally developed by Hewlett-Packard	
Company in the course of development of the ITU-T Rec. T.87|ISO/IEC 
14495-1 standard. This software module is an implementation of 		
a part of ITU-T Rec. T.87|ISO/IEC 14495-1. ITU and ISO/IEC give users 	
of ITU-T Rec. T.87|ISO/IEC 14495-1 free license to this 		
software module or modifications thereof for use in testing hardware 	
or software products which claim conformance to ITU-T Rec. 		
T.87|ISO/IEC 14495-1. Those intending to use this software module are 	
advised that its use may infringe existing patents. THE ORIGINAL 	
DEVELOPER OF THIS SOFTWARE MODULE, ITU-T, AND ISO/IEC, HAVE NO 		
LIABILITY FOR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE MODULE OR MODIFICATIONS THEREOF. 
No license to this software module is granted for any use other than 
in testing product conformance to ITU-T Rec. T.87|ISO/IEC 14495-1.
Hewlett-Packard Company retains full right to use the software module 
for its own purpose, assign or donate the software module to a third 
party and to inhibit third parties from using the code in a manner 
inconsistent with the terms of this license. This copyright notice 
must be included in all copies or derivative works of the software 
module. Copyright (c) Hewlett-Packard Company 1995-1999.		
------------------------------------------------------------------------

